initial MsSQL connector [sc-12761] (#448)
MetaphorData/connectors: metaphor/mssql/ReadMe.md

# MsSQL Connector

> This connector extracts technical metadata from Azure Synapse workspaces using [System catalog views](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/relational-databases/system-catalog-views/catalog-views-transact-sql?view=sql-server-ver16).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This connector extracts technical metadata from a Microsoft SQL Server using [System catalog views](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/relational-databases/system-catalog-views/catalog-views-transact-sql?view=sql-server-ver16).
```

## Setup
We recommend creating a dedicated MsSQL user with limited permissions for the connector to use

Use the following command to set up the read-only user for MsSQL database

```sql
-- nagivate to master database
CREATE LOGIN <username> WITH PASSWORD = '<password>'
CREATE USER <username> FROM LOGIN <username>

> -- switch to user  MsSQL database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-- switch to user MsSQL database
```
